# Availability-and-Demand-Software-System-ADS-
Bed Breakfast accommodations, called B&amp;Bs can broadly be defined as small independent properties offering overnight lodging and breakfast in a home like setting. Customers seek accommodations at different locations for different stay periods (arrival and departure dates). B&amp;Bs should provide information on their properties to potential customers and, therefore, the oppo rtunity to have their business prosper. Customers should only know about B&amp;B availability at least one day prior to their arrival dates An Availability Demand Software System ( is crucial to serving both B&amp;Bs and customers. It is expected for existing B&amp;Bs to stop offering accommodations while other properties start to offer their properties to potential customers. For example, a customer wants a B&amp;B in New York City for four nig hts starting on Dec. 1 st 2021. The customer should be able to know all the B&amp;Bs that have availability for his preference through Dec. 1 st 2021. The customer can then decide to stay at a B&amp;B if at least one is available. For instance, several B&amp;Bs are av ailable in NYC but for the dates after Dec. 10 th 2021. In this scenario, these B&amp;Bs are of no use to this customer. The customer does not need to know about these B&amp;Bs. Every B&amp;B can announce publish its location and stay period. The customers can look for subscribe B&amp;Bs that have availability for their desired locations and stay periods. When there are one or more B&amp;Bs available for what a customer is looking for, then the customer is notified. Customers receive notifications only when the ADS finds m atches (location and stay periods) at the B&amp;Bs that match customers ’needs. Customers can choose to stop receiving notifications (i. unsubscribe for what they have previously subscribed to) at any time.
